readme.md, before:

# Travel CO2 Footprint Checker

You have been approached by the local city council that is trying to encourage people to travel more sustainably. Your task is to build an app that will have a CO2 footprint checker that calculates a user's CO2 footprint based on their travel type and would encourag people to travel more sustainably. 

## MVP

A user should be able to:

- to submit values for various aspects of their travel and view their CO2 footprint. You'll need to create your own tested model to calculate this.
- to update the values to see the effect on their CO2 footprint.
- view the CO2 footprint result in a visually interesting ways.


## Example Extensions

- show the CO2 footprint result before and after the user has updated the values .
- present the educational aspects of the app including links to travel subpages, a map displaying local charge points and locations of the bikes [Edinburgh or London] 
- calculate and visualise projections of CO2 savings based on a user's input.

## API, Libraries, Resources

- https://www.highcharts.com/ HighCharts is an open-source library for rendering responsive charts with good documentation.
- map leaflet 
- API charge points [GOV]
- API bike points [TFL]

Commit message:

issions by fuel, vehicle, updated, tested , working

readme.md, after:

# Travel CO2 Footprint Checker

You have been approached by the local city council that is trying to encourage people to travel more sustainably. Your task is to build an app that will have a CO2 footprint checker that calculates a user's CO2 footprint based on their travel type and would encourag people to travel more sustainably. 

## MVP

A user should be able to:

- to submit values for various aspects of their travel and view their CO2 footprint. You'll need to create your own tested model to calculate this.
- to update the values to see the effect on their CO2 footprint
- view the CO2 footprint result in a visually interesting ways.


## Example Extensions
- display the emissions by the vehicle and fuel type
- show the CO2 footprint result before and after the user has updated the values .
- present the educational aspects of the app including links to travel subpages, a map displaying local charge points and locations of the bikes [Edinburgh or London] 
- calculate and visualise projections of CO2 savings based on a user's input.

## API, Libraries, Resources

- https://www.highcharts.com/ HighCharts is an open-source library for rendering responsive charts with good documentation.
- map leaflet 
- API charge points [GOV]
- API bike points [TFL]
